Write a function that takes an array of words and smashes them together into a sentence and returns the sentence. You can ignore any need to sanitize words or add punctuation, but you should add spaces between each word. Be careful, there shouldn't be a space at the beginning or the end of the sentence!


```
// Smash Words
const smash = words => words.join(' ');
```


------------------------

Description:
Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of the numbers. The numbers can be negative or non-integer. If the array does not contain any numbers then you should return 0.

Examples
Input: [1, 5.2, 4, 0, -1]
Output: 9.2

Input: []
Output: 0

Input: [-2.398]
Output: -2.398

Assumptions
You can assume that you are only given numbers.
You cannot assume the size of the array.
You can assume that you do get an array and if the array is empty, return 0.
What We're Testing
We're testing basic loops and math operations. This is for beginners who are just learning loops and math operations.
Advanced users may find this extremely easy and can easily write this in one line.


```
function sum(arr = []) {
    return arr.reduce((arr, i) => arr + i, 0);
}

console.log(sum([]));

console.log(sum([1,2,3,4]));

console.log(sum([-1,-2,-3,-4]));

console.log(sum([1,-2,3,-4]));

console.log(sum([1,2,3,-4]));

console.log(sum([1,-2,3,-4,0]));

console.log(sum([1,-2,3,-4,0]));
```

----------------------------------------------------

Create a function that accepts a parameter representing a name and returns the message: "Hello, <name> how are you doing today?".

[Make sure you type the exact thing I wrote or the program may not execute properly]

```
function greet(name){
  return `Hello, ${name} how are you doing today?`;
}

console.log(greet("divya"));
```

----------------------------------------------------------------

Task
You get an array of numbers, return the sum of all of the positives ones.

Example
[1, -4, 7, 12] => 
1
+
7
+
12
=
20
1+7+12=20
Note
If there is nothing to sum, the sum is default to 0.


```
function positiveSum(arr = []) {
  return arr.filter((n, i) => n >= 0 ).reduce((n,i) => n+i, 0); 
}
console.log(positiveSum);
```

----------------------------------------------------------------


